Dear OpenDDR user, 

Welcome to OpenDDR-Resources repository.

Here you can find Datasources, Vocabularies and Builder file of the OpenDDR Projects. The repository is updated on a 
monthly basis thanks to community contributions and to information coming from users of OpenDDR (companies and 
developers worldwide).

OpenDDR project has been made by a group of web & mobile developers aware of the importance for their work of an always 
up-to-date Device Description Repository (DDR), and of good APIs to access it. 
We think that identifying hardware and software features of the accessing clients is a basic need, a commodity that 
should be available to any developer to allow a better software design. 

We started looking for all the available and open sources of device descriptions and we thought how to guarantee for the 
future the freedom of choice to other developers, like us: the solution we found was relying on W3C standards. One of 
the sources we looked at was the content of the file wurfl.xml, in its version dated April 24th 2011, the last one with 
open terms of use, consistent with the initial spirit of wurfl.xml project, and respectful toward “many different people 
from many different countries” collecting over the years the data. Below its terms of use: 

     Dear Developer, the WURFL file contains information about the
     capabilities of mobile devices, capabilities and features.
     The main scope of this file is to collect as
     many information as we can about all the existing wireless devices
     that access mobile pages so that developers will be able to build better
     applications and better services for the users.
     This project is open-source and is intended for developers working
     with the WAP environment. All the information listed here has been
     collected by many different people from many different
     countries. You are allowed to use WURFL in any of your applications,
     free or commercial. The only thing required is to make public any
     modification to this file, following the original
     spirit and idea of the creators of this project. This will help WURFL
     to grow better and better every day. The use of WURFL is at your own risk,
     there is no warranty that all agents and
     capabilities are correct. All the information, as stated, has been gathered
     by many users from many places around the world and as such there is
     no guarantee about the reliability of this
     information. Post any noteworthy modification and comment
     to the file on the WMLProgramming mailing list on Yahoo Groups:
     http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/wmlprogramming/ Alternatively,
     you can mail your modification to Luca Passani,
     the WURFL maintainer, at passani at eunet dot no


The file wurfl.xml dated April 24th 2011 cannot be found anymore on wurfl.sourceforge.net, but it has been distributed 
on several different channels, so it is very easy to find on the Web (a copy is available here 
https://github.com/bdelacretaz/wurfl). 